# Problem Identification

In the 21st century, we are ever more interconnected with each other through technology.
There are many applications and services dedicated to communication & social aspects of peoples lives. However, the vast majorety of these are just that, and nothing more. This is the problem. Say for instance, a creator is working on a project with his or her team, and they make a few updates to there work; normally they would have to upload it to a file sharing/hosting service and then send a link back. But why not just have it in the same app? Or how about the gaming community, they want an easy way to send game credits, mods or even have a community drop box for shared files. They might even want to have there hosting service right at there fingertips. But I've never seen anything like that.

These days there is no easy way to manage all your communication needs right there. So why not? I believe that companys focus on one spasific suit or need, and focus all there efforts in providing that spasific service in the best way they can, but they dont neccisarily think about how they could link it to other services. Having a easy to use, application to bring all of your communication needs together and firther intigrate your services of choice, would be very benificial to users who are actively using there technology, who don't want to be switching tabs all the time. To have a communication app withh built in support would not only solve these problems, but it would serve its part in coperate or educational needs, having all the users connected means all types of people can connect through the studies. Even teachers could use it.
